Brother Li Yan, take a look
The evidence is conclusive
This hooliganism is to be shot
No, I'm going to report him now
Wait a minute what's wrong
It's not your son himself
Brother Li Yan, what do you mean?
Don't you want to be a socialite?
What are you looking at me for?
This dress is really handwrapped.
Besides, I didn't know there was such a thing.
I'd like this to end here.
I'll take care of the excess
What about my clothes?
Forget it. Forget it.
I can go first if you say so.
Hey, my clothes.
Ma Zhiqing
I can see you, don't hide
Brother Li Yan, what a coincidence!
Coincidentally, didn't you come here on purpose?
Brother Li Yan, what are you talking about?
I don't understand.
I manage all the information in the village
I know your handwriting very well
This is what you wrote.
You didn't write it.
You want to hurt him
I didn't say
Believe it or not, I now have the village committee
Let's compare it again
Don't don't don't even manage
I know wrong
To Brother Lian
I'm actually just fighting for you
He was clearly introduced to you by someone else before
But he turned around and married the bad guy.
That's my business.
Don't worry about it.
Brother Li Yan, you are really willing
Tang Zhiqing, let me say it again
We're not that close.
Don't mind your own business
Mind your own business from now on
This is not an example.
I'd rather you bitch
Obviously married
I would rather brother still protect you like this
I will never let you go.